for super quick and easy beef chili add
chopped onions the hot olive oil and
cook until soft then add chopped garlic
a teaspoon of cumin seeds and stir to
release their lovely aromatic flavor
next chili powder turn up the heat and
break beef mince into the pan ground and
seasoned add tomato puree and cook
through
next a glug of spicy Worcestershire
sauce chopped in tomatoes
dried oregano
and a sprinkle of sugar
[Music]
cook frankfurter or Brent worth sausages
bung in a bun and simply topped with a
spicy beef chili
easy and irresistible a dog worth
crossing the street for one nicely
skinned salmon just like a perfect
snake's game because sliders are
bite-sized burgers designed to go in
small buns you don't want to make them
too big